Added notes for changes related to k8s 1.22 in rancher-backup app (#3733)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.5/en/backups/back-up-rancher/_index.md

The backup-restore operator needs to be installed in the local cluster, and only backs up the Rancher app. The backup and restore operations are performed only in the local Kubernetes cluster.

> Note that the Rancher app version 1.x.x is for the Rancher v2.5.x line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that rancher-backup operator version 1.x.x is for the Rancher v2.5.x.
```

Author: Revised as suggested (took out "the").
